Top highlights
Brand	Essential Nutrition Series
Flavour	Vanilla
Item Weight	550 Grams
Item Form	Powder
Special Ingredients	It is a pre digested nutritional supplement to meets the nutritional demands of the body especially in cases of GI dysfunction. It is a peptide and MCT based formula free from sucrose. It is enriched with L-carnitine for proper energy metabolism and thus enhances the rate of recovery thereby meeting all the nutritional demands. Brand name-Essential Peptide, Essential ElementalIt is a pre digested nutritional supplement to meets the nutritional demands of the body especially in cases of GI dysfunction. It is a peptide and MCT based formula free from sucrose. It is enriched with L-carnitine for proper energy metabolism and thus enhances the rate of recovery thereby meeting all the nutritional demands. Brand name-Essential Peptide, Essential Elemental
About this item
Elemental Nutrition Formula: Provides nutritionally complete elemental nutrition for comprehensive dietary support
Health and Wellness Support: Formulated to support your overall health and nutritional needs
Recommended Daily Serving: Take 2 scoops daily to meet your nutritional requirements
Meal Replacement Beverage: Convenient peptide-based formula designed as a complete meal replacement solution
Essential Nutrition Series: Part of a comprehensive nutrition series providing essential nutrients in an easily digestible peptide form

Item details
Brand Name	Essential Nutrition Series
Flavor	Vanilla
Item Form	Powder
Special Ingredients	It is a pre digested nutritional supplement to meets the nutritional demands of the body especially in cases of GI dysfunction. It is a peptide and MCT based formula free from sucrose. It is enriched with L-carnitine for proper energy metabolism and thus enhances the rate of recovery thereby meeting all the nutritional demands. Brand name-Essential Peptide, Essential Elemental
Product Benefits	Pre digested nutritional supplement to meets the nutritional demands of the body especially in cases of GI dysfunction. Enriched with L-carnitine for proper energy metabolism and enhances the rate of recovery
Container Type	Jar
Number of Items	1
Unit Count	400 Grams
Manufacturer	Azzurra
Country of Origin	India
Best Sellers Rank	
#66,423 in Health & Personal Care (See Top 100 in Health & Personal Care)
#635 in Whey Proteins
ASIN	B079WX1KNW

Measurements
Item Weight	550 Grams
Item Package Weight	400 Grams
Unit Count	400 Grams


Important information
Ingredients:
Energy Protein Fat MCT Carbohydrate Amino Acids

Directions:
Take 2 scoops daily

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Nutritionally Complete Elemental Nutrition

Product details
Is Discontinued By Manufacturer ‏ : ‎ No
Product Dimensions ‏ : ‎ 11 x 11 x 16 cm; 550 g
Manufacturer ‏ : ‎ Azzurra
ASIN ‏ : ‎ B079WX1KNW
Country of Origin ‏ : ‎ India
Manufacturer ‏ : ‎ Azzurra
Item Weight ‏ : ‎ 550 g
Item Dimensions LxWxH ‏ : ‎ 11 x 11 x 16 Centimeters

